this is it boys let's make it
happen
it's the first day of the season
and I could not be more excited
nothing stopping us this year
and we are going on a warpath
we're going to mean we've got to
get it done mean is where all
the betas and that's why these
bluefin tuna go there to feed
and to fatten up from Gloucester
it's an 80-mile trip to maine
waters it's a big gamble
we're going to burn some fuel
but no risk no reward got to be
in the right place at the right
time
that's not luck last year we
were not on top but this year we
built the new tuna.com it's
definitely the best to vote out
there right now I gotta catch
fish in order for me to keep
this boat
otherwise i can go belly-up
rockero do this
Sandra is going to be my guy and
I'm gonna have Georgie as my
deck and we're here to prove
that we can be a number one boat
in the fleet . put her head down
the grindstone they dialed and
stay out and get it done seasons
on let's get it done
this boat will be on top again
this year you can count on that
I bluefin do we call baby it's
gonna be extremely competitive
this year we want to win this
thing
there's no sitting at the dock
there's no playing games we've
been kinda middle-of-the-pack
guys and we don't want to finish
in the middle of fleeting more
we're just gonna have to grind
my ride this year more than any
other year I really feel like I
need to prove that was the one
of the best both in this class
to flee
what do you think huh you're
ready rebel gotta stick to our
game at the end of the season
I know it's gonna put us at the
top there's a lot of stake for
us the guys need to make money
to make money
we're going for first season
drop the anchor
we already two minutes i'm 80 a
lot riding on this season last
year we had a really good year
put on a fish made a lot of
money
Marciano beat us out there at
the end really hungry I want to
be the winner
I want to be the number one bone
loss for that's what it's all
about the last two seasons i
haven't been able to keep a
consistent crew from one year to
the next and a lot of the fleet
just criticize my leadership
because of it but this season i
finally have a salty made on
board
take the stick and clean it off
to the wheelhouse whatever I'm
really stoked to have on the
boat I think you can help me
catch a lot of fish
I got a lot of work to do and
I'm really counting on Drake to
help me get to the top I'm 19
years old but I've been fishing
for bluefin since I was 12
Tyler reached out to me to come
fishing this year and I think he
did that because he knows i can
get the job done he knows what I
expect from eight this season
and he can deliver so I'm
confident that we're going to be
a force to be reckoned let go
yeah